here's what's going on at the movies
screaming into theaters is don't breathe
a blood pumping thriller from the
creators of Evil Dead now you're gonna
see what I see
the master assassin is out to save the
woman he loves in the action packed
sequel mechanic resurrection relentless
aren't they the man changed my life
Robert De Niro steps into the ring for
hands of stone an inspirational boxing
biopic about the legendary trainer ray
ourselves and finally let's find out
what's hot in theaters this weekend with
this week's fan tissa patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know in the comments below
we'll see you next time on weekend
ticket